- So now, let's inject the repositories into services.
In the exercise files there is a new service folder
and within that service folder there are two classes;
TourPackageService and TourService,
so let's look at TourPackageService.
In here we have inject, the repository and then auto-wire
to the constructor and we have three methods here.
One is to create a TourPackage, one is to look up all
of the TourPackages, and the final one is to get
the total number of TourPackages.
And the methods are stubbed out so we're actually going to
put the implementation of them right now.
So, we don't want to create a TourPackage for a given code
or name if that already exists.
So first we're going to look it up by the ID
which is the code, and if it does not find it
then we're going to create it
and return the newly created one.
If it does find it then we'll just return what's already
exist in the database.
So I'm going to make a change here.
I'm going to invoke the tourPackageRepository.
I'm going to do a findByID which returns an optional,
fasten the code,
and then I'm going to do an orElse
which means it did not find it so we're going to create
a new one and I'm going to invoke tourPackageRepository again
to save a new one.
Okay?
So then the next method we want to do is look up all
the TourPackages, so this is just a findAll method
on tourPackageRepository.
So that just returns all of them in the database.
And finally we want to get a count.
All right, now lets move on to our TourService.
Here we've injected tourRepository into the TourService
as well as tourPackageRepository, auto wire them
in the constructor, and we have a method to create a tour
and we have a method to get the total number of tours.
So lets implement the code for this.
So first of all before we create a tour
we need a tourPackage for it and we have the tourPackageName
passed in, we're going to look up the tourPackage and find it
and then pass it in to the constructor of the tour.
So here we are looking up the tourPackage
and if we can't find it then we do not want to create a tour
so we're going to do an orElseThrow,
and then throw a RunTimeException.
Tour package does not exist.
So if it does find it we do get the tourPackage
back here on line 42 and now we're going to actually
create a tour in the database.
All right.
And now we're going to return the total number of tours.
All right, we're done injecting our repositories
into the services.
You might ask, when do we actually implement
the repository interfaces?
Well, we don't cause Spring Data does it for us.
So, it will actually be a Spring Data object injected
into the services and that object will fulfill the contracts
of our repository interfaces.